--------------------------------
E:/BigData/Project/Run/Files_Keywords/TextFiles\9201003v1.txt
--------------------------------
(2.52)

the proof of this result is based on the observation that this matrix integral simply counts
all k-simplices in the cell decomposition of mg,s weighted with a factor (1)k.

3. integrable hierarchies

in this section we will change our point of view and investigate in greater detail the
integrable hierarchies that have emerged in solvable string theories and intersection theory.[61] e. witten, topological sigma models, commun.the most general case is based on an arbitrary two-dimensional topological eld theory,
and includes, among others, sigma-models with an almost complex target space.recently, these techniques have been applied in the context of topological eld theory
[77, 78].all physical quantities in a topological eld theory are automatically invari-
ant under conformal transformations, since they are independent of the metric.(6.5)

(6.6)

the conformal central charge c, that in principle could appear in the virasoro algebra, must
necessarily vanish, since a conformal anomaly is not allowed in a general covariant theory, cf
critical string theory.so, the top-dimensional partner of any local ob-
servable denes a perturbation of the topological eld theory.klebanov, one-dimensional string theory on a circle, nucl.first, we have a topological eld theory that comes naturally
with a nilpotent q chargewe have been very careful to preserve this feature.[81] j. distler and p. nelson, topological couplings and contact terms in 2d eld theory, commun.in this way we have recovered a crucial part of the quantum eld theory underlying
the structures of 24. the twisted n = 2 minimal models where rst proposed as the
relevant quantum eld theories for the (p, 1) string theory by keke li [16].(3.21)

we will see that, in terms of the string partition function, h corresponds to the string coupling
constant , and that the classical limit implies the restriction to genus zero.6. topological conformal field theory

we have seen that a general two dimensional topological eld theory is solved in terms of
the perturbed three-point functions cijk(t).let me close this introduction with a short exposition of how this all is related to c < 1
string theory, where one studies minimal conformal eld theories on uctuating surfaces.this eld
is known as topological string theory and its status as an integrable system is very unclear,
to say the least.72

[66] r. dijkgraaf, a geometrical approach to two-dimensional conformal eld theory, ph.d. thesis

(utrecht, 1989).these minimal models are labeled by two (relative prime) integers p and qthe labeling (p, q)
is symmetric in p and q. the models can be considered as isolated points in an ill-dened
space of all two-dimensional quantum eld theories coupled to gravity, as is symbolically
illustrated in g. 1. a neighbourhood of a minimal model consists of massive qfts obtained
by perturbation.it manages to combine a most exotic range of disciplines: two-dimensional quantum
eld theory, intersection theory on the moduli space of riemann surfaces, integrable hierar-
chies, matrix integrals, random surfaces, and many more.in fact,
it is convenient to go to a superspace formulation of the theory, since this leads naturally to
the non-local observables in the model.
--------------------------------
